Name:David Steinman
Date:5-3-20

Project: Corona Boi
Group's repository: https://github.com/anhilema/EvilChaosGame


What is something you learned by reviewing this group's project?
Something I learned is the code used to generate a shield power-up in a space shooter style game.

 

In what ways does this game reflect the theme?
This game reflects the theme because the enemies are infected patients and the player is a doctor shooting the enemies with some kind of hand sanitizer-sterilizer gun.

 

What is something you saw in this group's project that you would like to apply to your own future games?
The use of power-ups in order to help the player against increasingly difficult odds.

 

What suggestions would you have for this group to improve the game?
The enemy bullets spread similarly to a shotgun, with many bullets spraying in all directions, and it is very difficult for the player to dodge them, so maybe make that part easier on the player.

 

Was there anything in the GDScript that was confusing to you? If so, what?
Given that this game was similar to the space shooters we created, there want anything too confusing.

 

Is it clear that every group member participated?
It would appear that every group member took on a different role. One member took it upon themselves to implement power ups while another focused on sound and another focused on art. So, yes, I would say each member participated equally.

 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
Yes

 

What is something the group could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
Nothing, the ReadMe is descriptive and includes links to assets on the internet.

 

Pay a compliment to the group based on the quality of the game.
The art style is impressive and sound quality certainly enriches the game and makes it seem more professional.



How many of your points would you allocate to this project?
Full points for quality, but it is very similar to the space shooter project and the fundamental way the game plays could have been more creative. 


